# font
font-family = Cascadia Mono NF
font-size = 20

# theme
#theme = dracula
#theme = Cyberdyne
theme = iTerm2 Solarized Dark
#theme = Github Dark
#theme = tokyonight-day

# window
cursor-style = block
adjust-cell-height = 35%
background-opacity = 0.85
background-blur-radius = 9

mouse-hide-while-typing = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 2

window-padding-balance = true 
window-save-state = always
macos-titlebar-style=transparent
window-colorspace = "display-p3"
minimum-contrast = 2.3

# init location
working-directory = /Users/gyeongjae/Desktop
window-inherit-working-directory = false

# terminal size
window-width = 130
window-height = 40
window-padding-x = 4

# keybindings
keybind = cmd+s>r=reload_config
keybind = cmd+s>x=close_surface

# tabs 
keybind = cmd+n=new_tab
keybind = cmd+s>shift+l=next_tab
keybind = cmd+s>shift+h=previous_tab

# quick tab switch
keybind = cmd+s>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = cmd+s>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = cmd+s>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = cmd+s>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = cmd+s>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = cmd+s>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = cmd+s>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = cmd+s>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = cmd+s>9=goto_tab:9

# split
unfocused-split-opacity = 1.0

keybind = cmd+d=new_split:right
keybind = opt+d=new_split:down

keybind = cmd+s>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = cmd+s>k=goto_split:top
keybind = cmd+s>h=goto_split:left
keybind = cmd+s>l=goto_split:right

keybind = cmd+s>z=toggle_split_zoom

keybind = cmd+s>e=equalize_splits

# delete whole line
keybind = cmd+backspace=text:\x15

# other
copy-on-select = clipboard

# general
confirm-close-surface = false
clipboard-paste-protection = false

adjust-underline-position = 40%
adjust-underline-thickness = -60%

shell-integration-features = no-cursor,sudo,no-title

auto-update = download
